Remove bee from docs (#157)
iotaledger/chrysalis-docs: docs/explanations/node_software.md

---

> description: Hornet is the officially supported nodes for IOTA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Hornet is the officially supported node software for IOTA.
```

image: /img/logo/Chrysalis_logo_dark.png
keywords:
- Node
- Hornet
- Golang
- Rust
- explanation
---
# Node Software

We have been running the network exclusively on the Go powered Hornet node since the summer of 2020. 

## Hornet

> Hornet is the officially supported nodes for IOTA.

Reviewer: Same here

Author: ```suggestion
Hornet is the officially supported node software for IOTA.
```
